Blue Marble logo
Blue Marble
Share
Show more options
Senior E-Commerce Operations Manager 
Ashland, OR · 1 month ago · Over 100 applicants

 Hybrid
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Hybrid.
 Full-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
Applied 1 month ago
See applicationApplied 1 month ago for Senior E-Commerce Operations Manager
Take the next step in your job search
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Reactivate Premium




Find me similar jobs

How should I prepare for an interview?

Tell me more about Blue Marble

Recommended for you
Prepare for interviews
Practice your answers to common interview questions and get feedback.
Meet the hiring team
Braeden Nicholson is hiring
Braeden Nicholson  
 3rd
E-commerce Program Manager at Blue Marble

Message
About the job
At Blue Marble, our mission is to create purposeful products that inspire a love of learning in children and empower parents to raise thoughtful, confident kids. If you envision working for an award-winning company with a mission you can believe in, a playful and energetic culture, a talented team of coworkers, and a bright future, look to Blue Marble!



The Senior E-Commerce Operations Manager will oversee and manage the e-commerce operations team, ensuring efficient and effective performance in warehouse relationships, team communication, product launches, inventory management, and process improvements. This role requires a strategic thinker with strong leadership skills to drive operational excellence and support the company's growth objectives.



Primary Responsibilities

Monitor warehouse performance to ensure 3PLs meet standards, forecast demand and negotiate rates, improve communication, and coordinate over time.
Foster team communication, including collaboration on delayed and slow-moving items, provide early warnings on forecasts and review production and shipping plans.
Oversee product launches, including communicating and tracking launch timings, creating listing and compliance processes, and pushing for early reorders.
Maintain and track out-of-stock (OOS) management.
Monitor and reduce shipping/storage fees and update fee documentation. 
Manage the Amazon relationship, including coordinating early and Q4 orders, managing drop ship and weekly orders, and troubleshooting non-orderable items.
Oversee the shipping process management, ensuring compliance with shipping requirements, updating Amazon on ASINs, and troubleshooting shipping issues.
Manage the e-commerce operations team.
Contribute passion, energy, and optimistic enthusiasm to the incredible Blue Marble culture!


Desired Qualifications

Education: BS/BA in Business, Supply Chain Management, or a related field is preferred.
5+ years of experience in Inventory Placement, Supply Chain, and Logistics preferred
5+ years of experience managing teams required.
Experience working with Amazon 1P and 3P is required. 
Strong Excel skills
Acute attention to detail
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills
Ability to manage priorities and workflow
Versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work within constantly changing priorities
Commitment to excellence and high standards


Workplace Arrangement

In-person collaboration is a key aspect of Blue Marble's work culture. This role has been designated as a hybrid, with three days a week expected at corporate headquarters in Ashland, Oregon. This arrangement allows for a balance between in-person collaboration and remote work flexibility.



Note: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employees may perform other related duties to meet the organization's needs.



Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.



Blue Marble is an equal-opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or disability status.



Blue Marble is proud to offer a generous and comprehensive benefits package, including:

401(k) with company match
Health insurance with multiple plans to choose from
Health savings account
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible work schedule
Paid time off
Parental leave